---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/campaign-1-dragoon-heist-in-krshal/player-guide/history-of-krshal/","tags":["gardenEntry"]}
---

[[Campaign 1 - Dragoon Heist in Krshal/Player Guide/Session 1 Recap & Levelling Up Info\|Session 1 Recap & Levelling Up Info]]

[[Campaign 1 - Dragoon Heist in Krshal/Player Guide/Map of Krshal\|Map of Krshal]]

Krshal is a port city on the coast of the Krpathian continent. A sprawling encampment, originally settled in mythology by twin brothers Krsque and Shalvk, along the estuary at the mouth of the Yrann river, their modest township eventually blossomed into a thriving port over many centuries. Through their good management of the local flora and fauna, the Krshalians grew their industries exponentially in this period, not only becoming the biggest exporters of Salted Blobfish but the most renowned tanners of all types of leather, including Grick and Auroch. This economic growth obviously brought wealth and affluence to the area, to its noble families in particular, but it also brought crime and poverty for its less fortunate citizens. As a result, Krshal is today not only a hive city of pirates, thugs, thieves and ne’er-do-wells who plague the law abiding yeomanry and peasants alike, but a den of ravenous plutocrats all fixated on the ‘grand game’ of power and wealth playing out within the city walls. Naturally, therefore, the city has become a playground for both those looking to make their name and those already born with one.

As a democratic city-state, Krshal is unique in the region insofar as its citizenry are plucked at random to serve on a 500 person council of state for life. This can happen at any time in a citizen’s life and the councillors can come from any strata of society. New councillors are elected upon the death (or sometimes disappearance) of previous councillors. Their job is to advise and serve the [[Campaign 1 - Dragoon Heist in Krshal/Player Guide/Lord of Chains\|Lord of Chains]], the lord of Krshal, who is also elected for life. Given the term lengths involved, over the centuries, political power has centralised in the hands of a few shadowy families that have gathered the means and resources to ensure the continued election of their family line to the council (and even to the seat of the Lordship itself). At one point in the 8th century, for example, there were 127 members of the Cassalanter family in the council at the same time.

Dark, grimy and disordered, the city is often ridiculed by its neighbours for the shabbiness of its appearance and the coarseness of its people. This, however, is in fact a point of pride for most Krshalians. Famously, the ‘Krshalian Stink’ (the smell of Blobfish offal, sewerage overflows, dank basement breweries and morgues without ice blocks!) is a celebrated local idiosyncrasy. Newcomers are rarely ever as appreciative as the locals though. Within the Old Town and Wolf’s Head Gate regions, however, the city shows its better face with clean streets and well-heeled citizens parading the latest fashions. Here the only ‘stink’ is the popular perfume of the day (in recent years, it has been a Purple Mungbeetle concoction costing 380gp a bottle!).

As a predominantly mercantile city, the Weyrn and Bleurn docks are the engine rooms of the city and, as such, are bustling with traders always coming and going. They are also the home-bases for numerous street urchin gangs that manage to scratch out a living stealing anything they can get their hands on. Relying on a constant stream of runaways, orphans, and strays to bolster their numbers, they can be as vicious to their enemies as they are helpful to their friends; as the old Krshalian saying goes, ‘the city’s detritus always flows to the docks’. Occupying opposite sides of the river mouth, the inhabitants of both docks are naturally territorial and often out to ‘one up’ each other in business as well as personal affairs. In 9.87, for example, the revered Lord of Chains, [[Campaign 1 - Dragoon Heist in Krshal/Player Guide/Aerg-Tval Vrakh\|Aerg-Tval Vrakh]], banned the annual Krshalian Foundation gathering on the land now known as Grimsoul Trunk because it so often devolved into open animosity and violence between Wyrnian and Bleurnian militiamen. 

Ever since, the Krshalian City Watch have been in charge of keeping the peace on a day to day basis. They are a largely ineffective and corpulent organisation, both in terms of bureaucracy and personnel. The lowfolk often joke that if ‘you can run a yard, you can outrun the watch’. That being said, they are rarely lenient and surprisingly difficult to bribe (probably because ‘official’ crimes of bribery carry a brutal punishment in Krshal: death by eating where the prisoner is covered in apple paste and staked to the ground in a pigpen!). Mostly they are happy to let events play out around them meaning they often turn a blind eye to gang fights and acts of vengeance. The current most famous captain of the Watch, Hyustus Dumbcont, was embroiled in a scandal recently for being overheard saying ’damn them all and let the gods decide!’. 


