---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/campaign-1-dragoon-heist-in-krshal/player-guide/session-3-recap-and-info/"}
---

After waking up in their new home, and showing Gloom around the place, the party set off to continue their research with Rishaal. On their way to his shop, Pussuid again came across the stray Tressym and gave her a calming stroke. 

After arriving at the book shop, Petulia learnt even more about Night Hags and how they operate, including a scrawled name in the margins of a text that Rishaal thought might’ve been left by Lifandran, the half-elf former owner of Troll Skull Manor. 

Having learnt all they could about what they were potentially up against inside their house, they, heeding Rishaal’s advice, sought out Vincent Trench in order to learn why Lifandran had made a dirty deal with him and why he hadn’t left the Manor in the first place. After some consternation, and the promise of info in return for a future favour, the group went to speak to a few more of their neighbours where they not only learnt more about the history of the Manor and the rumours that surrounded it but also all about what happened to Lifandran and his family from their close friend Fala. 

Upon returning to the Manor to sleep, the party were haunted by the grisly image of their own corpses hanging from the rafters in their nightmares accompanied by the faint cackling of an old crone somewhere in their own heads. Frightened by this, the party had to return to Vincent Trench to make a deal they were unsure of making. Handing over the bottle of Dragon’s Breath that Petulia found, and promising their future service, Trench gave them everything he knew about what happened to Lifandran, why he wanted to summon the Hag, and how the party could do so themselves if they were so inclined. A nasty individual, short with his words and unfriendly in tone, Trench ushered them out the door with a shopping list of items.

Returning to the Manor to sleep, this time all together communally, they were again given nightmares of their own demise. Ghostly, rotten and decaying hands suffocated them as they slept and they awoke terrified and exhausted about what was going on in their new home. On that new morning, they were also confronted by the specter of Loumandier, the shady brothel owner they had learnt about the day before who had ran an operation out of the Manor many moons ago. Although a ghastly sight to wake up to, Gloom and Petulia made very light work of him indeed, eviscerating him with their twin fire and radiant light flames. Entering the alley outside, Pussuid again saw the Tressym, although this time the creature was wary - perhaps unsure of whether to fully allow itself to be tamed by this Dwarven stranger? 

The day consisted of acquiring the items on their list. The mirror they already had in the attic rooms of the Manor; the summoning spell and bone dust, Trench gave them. They needed only a long candle and a pointed cold iron instrument to complete the summoning. The candle they got easily enough from Fala’s Apothecary but the pointed iron rod they had to barter for with Embric at Steam and Steel. Petulia and Pussuid offered the Elverquisst wine they had found in the Manor which Embric snapped their hands off for. Feeling a little sorry for having taken advantage of his new neighbours, he did offer to help them enchant some weapons at a later date though. 

Low on health and doubly exhausted, the party decided not to sleep in the Manor the night before the summoning. Unfortunately, the Hag’s grasp extended far beyond the walls of the old place and, despite staying in a hotel nearby, she still managed to invade their sleep. Aendywnn was forced to relive the moment he decided to betray his brethren in the name of defending the innocent; he was forced to relive the horror of the human women and children being slaughtered around him as he desperately wrestled with his conscious. Petulia was haunted by visions of her disgraced father and her family shackled in front of her. She was forced to relive her harrowing escape from Evereska, leaving behind everything she once knew and fleeing to the ocean as a child. Kween was brought back to her worst day when she not only lost her mother and father but all she was set to inherit as well. As the volcano engulfed her town of Corlinn Hill, and her parents too, Kween was rescued by a mysterious figure who would force her into servitude until she earned her freedom in the slave fighting pits of Kranduil many moons ago. Gloom was transported back to her youthful days as an Unproven Darkfinger in the Church of the Mask where, at the alter of her God, she was beaten mercilessly by her Master Sister, Darchaes Silverruine. Over and over, she flinched in her sleep as the Sister reigned blows down upon her head; all the while, Gloom muttered to herself that she will have her vengeance for herself and her God. Pussuid's sleep was disturbed by the devastating taunts her dwarven schoolfriends would level at her ample teenage development. Weeping into her breastplate, the barbs of her youth still cut to her core. As the fear and anxiety the party felt hit their crescendo, they all woke up sweating and tear filled, again all hearing that familiar taunting cackle inside their own heads.

On the day of the summoning, the party returned to the Manor to find one Broxley Fairkettle waiting outside for them. On his word, he had returned a week or so after their first meeting and asked them what they wanted to do. The party gave him half of his 1250gp fee up front and promised the remainder upon completion of the repairs which Broxley was more than happy to agree to! Now left alone to their Hag problem, the party ascended to the attic room and followed the steps laid out by Trench a few days earlier. Pussuid, reading the enchantment aloud, trembled as the room filled with a tense and dire dread. Suddenly, before them was revealed the night Hag, BLACK AGNES! Disgusting and rotten in appearance, hunched before them all, she taunted and berated the party, hoping they would step over the edge of the circle where she could get at them. Smarter than she had hoped, the party ignored her and simply asked her to reveal her true name. Forced to answer them truthfully by the incantation, Agnes told them her true name, GWRACH, and that if they were so inclined they could come to her lair in 15 days time when the new moon of that night had turned into a full moon. In order to cross into her realm of existence, the party would have to slaughter a cockerel every night before the relief of the three-eyed mongrel in the basement of their home. 
