---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/campaign-1-dragoon-heist-in-krshal/player-guide/session-5-recap-and-info/"}
---

The party were offered a job by a friend of Volo's in the Yawning Portal, Mirt the well known Harper money lender. Mirt asked them to retrieve a small unicorn statue from the infamous Blue Alley in the Dock ward of Krshal. The party also discussed rumours about a key to the fabled dragoon vault rumoured to have recently been stolen...

Upon arriving at the Blue Alley, the party wrote their names in the book of entry and passed over into the alleyway beyond. They first came across a room painted with chests on every wall where, inside, they were attacked by a chest mimic. Defeating it, they travelled onto the next room; a verdant glade with two adjoining silos with chromed ox skulls inside each silo. Wisely, the party left well enough alone and moved deeper into the alley. Next, they came across a richly carpeted staircase and were accosted by a formless booming voice demanding them to make it laugh before they could be allowed to continue. The party managed to think of one in time, making the disembodied voice laugh, and allowing Pussuid to roll up the carpet as they progressed. This brought them to a grand hall room with a central plinth where a floating sword hung from the ceiling. Through their investigations, the party found a room off to one side that held a sabotaged crossbow on a stand. Gloom tried to swap the silver arrow for something of equal weight but was not quite quick enough and the room filled with noxious gas; her and Petulia diving for cover just in time. On the other side of the room, the party found a lush library room with pillows and plush settees. They also found an ornamental box with a small furry ball inside. Depsite Gloom's arcane knowledge and warning, for some reason, the party took the box outside of the runes on the walls keeping the furry in check releasing a very angry Will o' Wisp. Panicking, the group tried to flee and only Gloom's doppleganger spell managed to distract the Wisp enough to let the party escape the grand hall. Luring the Wisp back inside the library, and therefore inside the runes, it returned to its harmless state and the party were once again safe to explore. Lastly, the party found a third room here, but managed to just escape being trapped inside...