---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/campaign-1-dragoon-heist-in-krshal/player-guide/session-4-recap-and-info/"}
---

14 days since the initial summoning of Black Agnes, each night the party had continued to slaughter a black cockerel in the basement of their new home in order to gain access to the Hag's lair. In that same period, Broxley Fairkettle and the Guild of Innkeepers completed their repairs and renovations to Troll Skull Manor, not without some difficulty though! The Hag continued to stalk the dreams of the party and she even got her grisly claws into some of the workers during their time in the manor. Nevertheless, Broxley's crew finished the work and got the place fully licensed up to serve food and alcohol. He was even so kind as to offer the party a short delay on their remaining due fees because he liked the tavern so much!

After showing the gang around the place, Broxley departed promising to return in a couple of days for the money owed. Needing money quick, the party returned to the Yawning Portal in search of a quick and easy job. On the way out of Troll Skull Alley, Pussuid saw the Tressym she had grown attached to once more. Offering it a little food and love, the Tressym began to purr and nuzzle the Dwarf's boots as it clambered up onto her shoulders. The Tressym was tamed and Pussuid decided to call her Puzuzu! Carrying onwards to the Portal, the party met with Yagra Stonefist, the Half-Orc who they had met on their very first night in Krshal. She told them about a recent spate of Elf and Half-Elf murders that had been going on at the Bleurn Docks and that they could each earn 50gp if they could figure out who or what was responsible.

Arriving at the docks, Garret overheard a City Watch Guard saying that the murders had all been occurring in the streets surrounding the Muleskull Tavern, a rundown sort of place owned and operated by a very gaudy man named Richard Chaulston, who thinks himself rather above his station. Inside, they found the Innkeeper to be of no use but a patron by the name of Heldar offered a sneaky solution. Drunk and seemingly unafraid of being murdered himself, the Half-Elf agreed to be escorted home by Pussuid unaware that the party intended to use him as a bait. Needless to say, on his way out of the tavern, Heldar was confronted by the murderer and the party were forced to leap into action to save his life. 

The murderer, who turned out to be a rather menacing Drow Elf Gunslinger, gave the party a very tough fight, hurling insults at Aendywn the entire time for his perceived betrayal of his Drow brethren. Despite his toughness, Petulia managed to burn away his thick leather armour and, fearing the damage he may receive unprotected, the Gunslinger fled off into the night. Without his head, the party feared they wouldn't be remunerated for their efforts but a piece of information the Gunslinger let slip proved enough for the reward. In his anger at Aendwyn, the murderer let slip he was a 'son of Xibrindas', enough of a clue to set Yagra on his trail in order to bring him to justice. 

Having been paid, the party quickly passed the money on to Broxley so as not to get in any trouble with the guilds!  They also took Broxley up on his offer of help with hiring some help for their newly refurbished tavern. Presented with a time crunch on the 15th day since the initial summoning of Black Agnes, the party decided to split up. Aendwyn, Pussuid, Petulia, and Kween went into the Feywild to find the Hag's Lair whilst Garret and Gloom stayed behind in the tavern to interview the new recruits. Needing a skilled Chef Hireling and 4 unksilled Bar Hirelings, the pair eventually hired Reynardo Greenleaf as Head Chef and Danika and Kelso Fiddlewick, Mosp, and Patric Nivka as Barstaff. They've all agreed to come back in 10 days time to prepare for the grand opening, although Patric has to sleep in the larder given that his parents have recently thrown him out for dating a Half-Elf.

On the other side of the portal in the basement, the rest of the party ventured forth into the feywild. Through black poppy fields, they came across a river which wiped Pussuid's memory for a short time when she slipped into it. Rowing themselves down river, the party disembarked at an opening where they saw a majestic Fey Queen taking a bath. At first angry at the intrusion, she took notice of Petulia's Fey heritage and let the party pass through. Following onwards, they came across a strange feast laid out on a seemingly ancient stone table but decided better than to risk tasting any of the food. Lastly, they came to a crossroads guarded by a great Sphinx like creature who told them firmly but politely that they would die should they attempt to cross. Luckily, the Hag's Lair didn't require that though and they went on to meet her.

Entering the Hag's Lair, they were ambushed by the foul creature as they descended into her home. Attacking them viciously, and hurling insults all the while, the party fought a brutal fight against the evil beast with both Aendwyn and Petulia having to be rescued by their teammates. Eventually, though, the party prevailed and managed to best the Hag. As she was sent up in flames by Petulia, the Hag turned to dust in front of them leaving a strange silver key atop her ashes. After some rummaging around, the party found a small box which the key opened. Inside was the Hag's heartstone and the party could hear the very faint pleas of the souls trapped within pleading out to be released. Pussuid smashed the stone to pieces with her greataxe and the party were greeted by the image of Lifandran, his wife and his son finally at peace and able to pass over into the afterlife staring back at them in thanks. 

Looting the rest of the Hag's lair revealed, before returning to their home in the Realm Above, the party found:

 - Moon Touched Sword
 - Pipe of  Smoke Monsters
 - Magic Mushrooms
 - Bag of Holding
 - Rope of Climbing
 - Eversmoking Bottle
 - All or Nothing Coin - 10 uses